c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe.config
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.pdb
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\BarcodeLib.BarcodeReader.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector_Codigos_QR.Form1.resources
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector_Codigos_QR.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe
c:\users\edsel\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.pdb
C:\Users\Neri\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe.config
C:\Users\Neri\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe
C:\Users\Neri\Dropbox\Projectos Visual C# 2012\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.pdb
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe.config
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.pdb
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.exe
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.pdb
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector_Codigos_QR.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector_Codigos_QR.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Edsel\Documents\MEGA\C#\Programas C#\Lector Codigos QR\Lector Codigos QR\obj\Debug\Lector Codigos QR.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
